Update faq-md-app-guard.md (#9466)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/security/threat-protection/microsoft-defender-application-guard/faq-md-app-guard.md

### What is the WDAGUtilityAccount local account? 

> This account is a part of Application Guard beginning with Windows 10, version 1709 (Fall Creators Update). It remains disabled by default unless Application Guard is enabled on your device. WDAGUtilityAccount is leveraged to login to the Application Guard container as a standard user with a random password. It is NOT a malicious account. If "Run as a service" permissions are revoked for this account you might encounter this error, "Error: 0x80070569, Ext error: 0x00000001; RDP: Error: 0x00000000, Ext error: 0x00000000 Location: 0x00000000". It is recommended not to modify this account.

Reviewer: minor adjustments needed:
```suggestion
This account is part of Application Guard, beginning with Windows 10, version 1709 (Fall Creators Update). It remains disabled by default, unless Application Guard is enabled on your device. The WDAGUtilityAccount is leveraged to login to the Application Guard container as a standard user with a random password. It is NOT a malicious account. If "Run as a service" permissions are revoked for this account, you may encounter the following error: "Error: 0x80070569, Ext error: 0x00000001; RDP: Error: 0x00000000, Ext error: 0x00000000 Location: 0x00000000". It is recommended not to modify this account.
```
- "part of" used as a phrase does not need the indefinite article unless there is a comparison with other parts.
- readability & grammatical commas added
- "is leveraged to login" seems unusual to me, because "leverage" usually refers to debt vs. financial equity. Did you mean "elevated", or is "leveraged" used with a different meaning in software & programming?
- "may" instead of "might": General usage; when the described result is more likely than other results.

> This account is part of Application Guard, beginning with Windows 10, version 1709 (Fall Creators Update). It remains disabled by default, unless Application Guard is enabled on your device. The WDAGUtilityAccount is leveraged to login to the Application Guard container as a standard user with a random password. It is NOT a malicious account. If "Run as a service" permissions are revoked for this account, you may encounter the following error: "Error: 0x80070569, Ext error: 0x00000001; RDP: Error: 0x00000000, Ext error: 0x00000000 Location: 0x00000000". It is recommended not to modify this account.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This account is part of Application Guard, beginning with Windows 10, version 1709 (Fall Creators Update). It remains disabled by default, unless Application Guard is enabled on your device. The WDAGUtilityAccount is leveraged to sign in to the Application Guard container as a standard user with a random password. It is NOT a malicious account. If "Run as a service" permissions are revoked for this account, you may encounter the following error: "Error: 0x80070569, Ext error: 0x00000001; RDP: Error: 0x00000000, Ext error: 0x00000000 Location: 0x00000000". We recommend not to modify this account.
```
